Brendan Curran
Section C

1. Call student one
Tell this student that class is cancelled.
Tell student one to relay this message which all students will subsequently
relay. Each student is to Calculate the time remaining until class after
they get off of the phone, subtract the time remaining from 15, divide this
number by two, then take two raised to this power. For example, the first
student will get off the phone with 13 minutes left until class, which he
takes out of 15 to get 2, divides by 2 to get one, then takes 2 to the first
power to get 2. The student will then inform the student x numbers after
them, where x is the value they just calculated. This will continue until
they have no students left to call.
As the teacher you will inform all the powers of 2 with this same message,
meaning you then call the 2nd, 4th, 8th, 16th, and 32nd, and rest on the
seventh call and see that your work is good.

2.Observe which way the first street runs.
You will first turn east or west at the first intersection depending which
way the first street is running.
After this you will turn south at the following intersection.
You will follow this south road and turn on the third street, opposite of
the direction you first turned on.
At the next intersection you will turn north.
The apothecary will be one and a half blocks ahead of you.
You have reached your destination in 7 blocks.

If you have to make both a right and left turn.
Observe which way the first street runs.
Turn east or west on this street whichever way it runs.
Turn south at the next intersection.
Turn on the second street in the same direction as your first turn. 
Stop at the car dealership and trade in for a car that can turn one
direction all day long without having to go the other way.
Turn south at the second intersection after your last turn.
Turn opposite the direction of your first turn at the following
intersection.
Follow this road then turn north on the third street.
Head north for a block and a half and you will reach your destination.
You travelled 11 blocks and now have a new car.

3. Bob the pirate is going to head into the maze.
He will follow the maze until he is forced to make a turn.
At this intersection he will turn whichever way he well pleases because he
is a pirate and he can do what he wants.
He will follow this path and continue to turn whichever way he wants.
If he encounters a dead end or sees he has already explored this part of the
maze, he will backtrack.
Once he encounters an intersection, he will turn the way he has not already
explored.
He will repeat this same process of exploring and backtracking.
If backtracks and finds an intersection he has already completely explored,
he will continue backtracking until he finds something he hasn't explored.
Bob will continue exploring the maze until he finds the treasure.

